Update UI images to new UI  +  Fix light/dark mode switch for images (#43)
OpenSpace/OpenSpace-Docs: using-openspace/launcher/index.md

> # The Launcher

Reviewer: call it "Launcher" to match the other titles in style?

:::::{grid} 1 1 1 2
::::{grid-item}

> The OpenSpace launcher is where you choose which content (profile) to load, and in what window configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The OpenSpace Launcher is where you choose which content (profile) to load and which window configuration to use.
```

> These pages collect information about the interfaces exposed through the launcher, such as the one for editing profiles.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These pages collect information about the interfaces exposed through the Launcher, such as the one for editing profiles.
```

:::{toctree}
:maxdepth: 1

profile-editor/index

:::

::::

::::{grid-item}

:::{figure} /getting-started/launch/launcher.png
:align: center
:width: 400px
:alt: OpenSpace launcher window

The OpenSpace launcher window.
:::

::::
:::::

> 
> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
